Document taking snapshots of searchable snapshots (#68136)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/searchable-snapshots/index.asciidoc

Replicas of {search-snaps} shards are restored by copying data from the
snapshot repository. In contrast, replicas of regular indices are restored by
copying data from the primary.

[discrete]
[[snapshots-of-searchable-snapshots]]
=== Snapshots of {search-snaps}

You will usually take <<snapshot-lifecycle-management,regular snapshots>> for
use as backups. You can continue to take these backup snapshots as normal even
if your cluster contains {search-snap} indices. When you restore a snapshot
containing {search-snap} indices, these indices are restored as {search-snap}
indices again. In other words, restoring indices from a snapshot taken as a
backup will properly restore those indices to the state that they were in at
the time the backup snapshot was taken, even if those indices are {search-snap}
indices.

A snapshot of a {search-snap} index is nothing more than a record of the
identity of the original index snapshot. This means that restoring a snapshot
containing a {search-snap} index behaves as if you had mounted the original
index snapshot again. A snapshot of a {search-snap} index contains none of the

> data from the original index, so it is typically very small.

Reviewer: This is confusing, as it is indeed a full copy in case where the backup repo is different from the repo used to mount searchable snapshots. A system backup snapshot of a searchable snapshot index also holds onto the underlying files in the repo, even if the snapshot used fro the searchable snapshot is deleted.

Author: >  as it is indeed a full copy in case where the backup repo is different from the repo used to mount searchable snapshots

No, that's not the case.

> You will usually take <<snapshot-lifecycle-management,regular snapshots>> for
> use as backups. You can continue to take these backup snapshots as normal even
> if your cluster contains {search-snap} indices. When you restore a snapshot
> containing {search-snap} indices, these indices are restored as {search-snap}
> indices again. In other words, restoring indices from a snapshot taken as a
> backup will properly restore those indices to the state that they were in at
> the time the backup snapshot was taken, even if those indices are {search-snap}
> indices.
> 
> A snapshot of a {search-snap} index is nothing more than a record of the
> identity of the original index snapshot. This means that restoring a snapshot
> containing a {search-snap} index behaves as if you had mounted the original
> index snapshot again. A snapshot of a {search-snap} index contains none of the
> data from the original index, so it is typically very small.
> 
> Before restoring a snapshot of a {search-snap} index you must first
> <<snapshots-register-repository,register the repository>> containing the
> original index snapshot.
> 
> You may, if desired, use different repositories for your regular backup
> snapshots from the ones you use for your {search-snaps}.

Reviewer 2: I tried to reorder and streamline this a bit.

I don't think we need to re-explain what a regular snapshot does. I'm also on the fence about whether we need to include the last paragraph. It seems like an implementation detail, but it may be important to surface.

The original text is fine as-is too. Feel free to disregard my suggestion or only take parts if wanted.

```suggestion
You can use <<snapshot-lifecycle-management,regular snapshots>> to back up and
restore a cluster containing {search-snap} indices.

Before you restore a snapshot containing a {search-snap} index, you must first
<<snapshots-register-repository,register the repository>> containing the
original index snapshot. When restored, the {search-snap} index behaves as if
you had mounted the original index snapshot for this repository again. If
wanted, you can use separate repositories for regular snapshots and
{search-snaps}.

A snapshot of a {search-snap} index contains only the ID of original index
snapshot. It contains no data from the original index.
```
